Update README with adapter info (#95)
SUSE-Enceladus/csp-billing-adapter: README.md

management.

## Plugin Hooks

The core adapter is designed to work with 3 distinct plugin
layers.

### Storage Layer

This layer handles the storage and backup of adapter billing
data and status. A plugin implementing the hooks for the storage
layer is required to implement all hooks in the
[storage_hookspecs.py](https://github.com/SUSE-Enceladus/csp-billing-adapter/blob/main/csp_billing_adapter/storage_hookspecs.py)
module.

### CSP Layer

This layer handles metered billing in a CSP and metadata
generation. The hooks found in
[csp_hookspecs.py](https://github.com/SUSE-Enceladus/csp-billing-adapter/blob/main/csp_billing_adapter/csp_hookspecs.py)
should be implemented.

### General Setup Layer

There are three hookspecs to implement for the general setup
layer. These include **`setup_adapter`**, **`load_defaults`**, and
**`get_usage_data`**. Details about these hookspecs are found in
[hookspecs.py](https://github.com/SUSE-Enceladus/csp-billing-adapter/blob/main/csp_billing_adapter/hookspecs.py).

## Configuration

The adapter is configured via a YAML file that is accesible to the
binary. The config file is used to setup the different intervals for billing

> and usage updates. As well as the billing dimensions which are used to

Reviewer: Not sure the "As well as" starting the sentence here reads exactly right... However, that may just be me...

```suggestion
and usage updates, as well as the billing dimensions, which are used to
```

a bill through the CSP API. In some cases the two interval may be identical.
In this case every metering is billing usage with the CSP. In other cases the
reporting interval is more frequent than the billing interval. This is where
an application is expected to provide a "heartbeat" on a shorter interval than
the product billing period.

The billing interval has two possible values; monthly and hourly. When set to
hourly the adapter bills usage every hour. And when set to monthly the adapter
aggregates usage based on the query interval and bills once a month.

### Save data

At the end of each cycle the adapter will store billing and usage data using
the storage hookspecs. This backs up the data in case the adapter is rebooted
or down for some amount of time.

### Errors

For all errors an error will be added to "errors" list in csp-config. "..." denotes an extended error message which will change based on the specific error. If the adapter is unable to access metered billing API it will also set "billing_api_access_ok" to False. If any error state is noticed in csp-config it should be communicated proactively to the customer through UI.

> 

Reviewer: Just a thought but perhaps the example errors should be re-ordered, e.g. say potential startup errors first, then operational but continue ones, and then finally fatal ones.

> - If the adapter cannot find the neuvector-usage CR or cannot get new records then the adapter will add an error:

Reviewer: Explicit reference to neuvector-usage CR here probably should be more generic, e.g

```suggestion
- If the adapter fails to retrieve the usage data (e.g. cannot find the application CR in a Kubernetes deployment) then the adapter will add an error:
```

    - "Usage data retrieval failed: ..."
- If the adapter has trouble processing the metering then the adapter will:
    - Add error message to list. The specific message will be based on the error that occurs.
    - Set "billing_api_access_ok" to False

> - If the adapter cannot save csp-config to configMap it will add an error:

Reviewer: Again potentially this should be more generic, e.g. 
```suggestion
- If the adapter cannot save csp-config data (e.g. write to associated configMap in a Kubernetes deployment) it will add an error:
```

    - "csp_config failed to save: ..."
    - However, this error won't be visible to the application since the data is not able to save to configMap.
- If the adapter cannot save cache to secret it will add an error:
    - "cache failed to save: ..."
- At startup if the adapter config is invalid an error will be added:
    - "Billing adapter config is invalid. Config is missing {key}" 
- At startup if the adapter has no access to billing API an error will be added:
    - "Fatal error while validating metering API access: ..."
- If there is an unexpected error the adapter will add an error message then crash:
    - "Unexpected error: ..."

>     - If we trip over any of these in testing we will want to handle them more elgeantly

Reviewer: Not sure this line should be here in the README like this? Also elegantly is spelled incorrectly.

Perhaps it could be better phrased as something like:

```suggestion
    - If any of these are encountered it is recommended that an issue be logged, and changes should be proposed to handle them appropriately.
```

Author: Removed, it was more of an internal note.
